I was doing a interview challenge. If you read my blog or follow my Github, you should know I am learning web development.

In the challenge, the UI I need to achieve is a search bar with a search result section for show result emails, like our email inbox UI. I was going to use HTML, CSS and Javascript to make it, but considering the layout will change based on the result, I decided to use React. Though I haven't build a dynamic app, at least this experience let me  know how magicaly convenient it is to use React to build a dynamic UI.

I learned Django before React, and when I learned Django, it was so hard to catch its official tutorial since I haven't enough background knowledge to understand, while the MDN Django tutorial is easier to understand. So continue this path, I think I should learn MDN React tutorial to learn react. But when I walking through the React tutorial, I found I was wrong, the tutorial is not too hard to understand, I guess it's because the background knowledge -- HTML, CSS and Javascript I have been familar. But there are still difficult things.

It is simple to build dynamic UI, since its JSX expression. JSX expression is the combination of Javascript and XML, it's like the html expression can be a variable, so you can use it in javscript. Like: `x = <h1> Hello, World! </h1> ` or `return <h1> Hello, World! </h1> `. You can use it as a template. like if you fetch some jobs data which assigned to a list varibaile `jobList` using API, and you want to display how many jobs you have fetched, then you maybe use this code:

`<p>There are {jobList.length} jobs:</p>` 

And except the JSX expression, in React project, you are supposed to divide the UI to small components. Like my mail archiver UI, I will devide it to the SearchBar component, SearchResult component, and a big component MailArchiver contains all other smaller components. And you for SearchResult component, I will divide to ResultTable component and Result0 componet, since the layouts of have results and have no result are different.  And for ResultTable component, it's made of table row, so I build a ResultItem component to present the table row.